 What do you understand By Database 

A database is an organized collection of data, stored and retrieved digitally from a
remote or local computer system. Databases can be vast and complex, and such
databases are developed using fixed design and modeling approaches.


 What is Normalization?

In database management systems (DBMS), normal forms are a series of guidelines that help to ensure that the design of a database is efficient, organized, and free from data anomalies. There are several levels of normalization, each with its own set of guidelines, known as normal forms.


 What is Difference between DBMS and RDBMS?

RDBMS stands for Relational Database Management System. The key difference here,
compared to DBMS, is that RDBMS stores data in the form of a collection of tables,
and relations can be defined between the common fields of these tables. Most
modern database management systems like MySQL, Microsoȅ SQL Server, Oracle,
IBM DB2, and Amazon Redshiȅ are based on RDBMS.

 What is MF Cod Rule of RDBMS Systems?

Codd’s rule in DBMS also known as Codd's 12 rules/commandments is a set of thirteen rules (numbered 0 to 12) that define a database to be a correct Relational Database Management System (RDBMS). If a database follows Codd's 12 rules, it is called a True relational database management system.


 What do you understand By Data Redundancy?

In DBMS, when the same data is stored in different tables, it causes data redundancy.

Sometimes, it is done on purpose for recovery or backup of data, faster access of data, or updating data easily. Redundant data costs extra money, demands higher storage capacity, and requires extra effort to keep all the files up to date.

Sometimes, unintentional duplicity of data causes a problem for the database to work properly, or it may become harder for the end user to access data. Redundant data unnecessarily occupy space in the database to save identical copies, which leads to space constraints, which is one of the major problems.

 What is DDL Interpreter?

DDL Interpreter DDL expands to Data Definition Language. DDL Interpreter as the name suggests interprets the DDL statements such as schema definition statements like create, delete, etc. The result of this interpretation is a set of a table that contains the meta-data which is stored in the data dictionary.

 
 What is DML Compiler in SQL? 

A DML (data manipulation language) refers to a computer programming language that allows you to add (insert), delete (delete), and alter (update) data in a database. A DML is typically a sublanguage of a larger database language like SQL, with the DML containing some of the language's operators.


 What is SQL Key Constraints writing an Example of SQL Key Constraints 

SQL constraints are used to specify rules for the data in a table.

Constraints are used to limit the type of data that can go into a table. This ensures the accuracy and reliability of the data in the table. If there is any violation between the constraint and the data action, the action is aborted.

Constraints can be column level or table level. Column level constraints apply to a column, and table level constraints apply to the whole table.

The following constraints are commonly used in SQL:

NOT NULL - Ensures that a column cannot have a NULL value
UNIQUE - Ensures that all values in a column are different
PRIMARY KEY - A combination of a NOT NULL and UNIQUE. Uniquely identifies each row in a table
FOREIGN KEY - Prevents actions that would destroy links between tables
CHECK - Ensures that the values in a column satisfies a specific condition
DEFAULT - Sets a default value for a column if no value is specified
CREATE INDEX - Used to create and retrieve data from the database very quickly

 What is save Point? How to create a save Point write a Query? 

A SAVEPOINT is a point in a transaction when you can roll the transaction back to a certain point without rolling back the entire transaction. The syntax for a SAVEPOINT command is as shown below. SAVEPOINT SAVEPOINT_NAME; This command serves only in the creation of a SAVEPOINT among all the transactional statements

 What is trigger and how to create a Trigger in SQL?

A trigger in SQL is a procedural code that is automatically executed in response to certain events on a specified table.
